Provenance for CLI (#647)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/verify-cli.md

Verified OK
```

## Verify the provenance

> Provenance is a positive attestation that a software artifact was produced by a specific repository and build system invocation. For more information on provenance visit [slsa.dev](https://slsa.dev/provenance/v0.2).

Reviewer: Is "positive attestation" a known phrase? Otherwise I'd rephrase to something like:
```suggestion
Provenance attests that a software artifact was produced by a specific repository and build system invocation. For more information on provenance visit [slsa.dev](https://slsa.dev/provenance/v0.2).
```
